What is up guys and what KMAX So in this video we're going to be adding some demo content to a website
because we don't have much time to add so much content to this.
OK.
So what we will be doing will be getting a plug in OK and we will be installing that.
OK so we basically want to search that which plug in suits.
So I'm going to add them all
post for Wordpress plugin.
OK so we want to add some demo posed to a Web site so you can see that we have so many plug ins it says
will be posted soon will be example content of the demo demo data creator of the latest post and fake
Press and one click them on board.
So I think this faker press has so many votes here and it's just create random meta information or is
made out for users post derms and comments.
Take a Princeville allow you to generate custom dummy content for all four of a 20 type of data.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to install the Figler press.
I'm going to hit add Neal.
Let's close the Sabb and let's work that this plug in.
So basically basically I already showed you the what are the plug ins plug into.
Call apps apps means that you can add different type of functionalities like there are so many apps
so many apps for photo editing.
If you want to edit photo if you want to do anything you have you have to install app.
So I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to install faker press.
I'm going a search basically.
And here we go.
I'm going to hit install now and let's see if this is working perfectly.
This is being installed right here and it is installed.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to activate to activate this plug in.
OK.
And there we go.
Here we go.
You can see it is coming right here.
I'm going to go to the press right here.
I want to go to the settings right here.
I want to add some.
So it says erase fake or data delete the call never bothered me.
I have to raise all the data just generate it just type let it go.
OK.
And IP is setting up an API for an optional application can you make key
will not respect.
Ok so I want to go to Ray here to get the API setting up 5000 API.
Connection is fully optional.
So it is fully optional but if you want it you can add that.
So what is it.
It will grab some images.
OK.
It will crap's and images and add that.
So this is basically a marketplace.
This is alternatve to splash dot com if you want to add images as well and you need to add these API
as well.
So let me show you how the featured image works first.
OK.
And then we will be adding that.
So let me show you how the featured image is works on the post.
Let's go to the polls right here.
And that led to ads and featured images.
I'm going to go to this one.
Dell releases a new core 7.
OK so I'm going to open this up.
OK.
I'm going to hit view.
And you can see that this is a normal post.
We don't have any image right here.
I'm going to hint at it.
Post and we're going to add a featured image right here.
Right here.
OK.
So we're going to get an image from Splash dot com or let's add that the normal image that we have in
the gallery.
I'm going to go to the media library and you can see no way found.
OK we want to upload a file.
I'm going to go to the desk so pray here.
And I want to get to this one.
So this is also the normal laptop.
I'm going to hit set featured image right now and you can see that this should be added.
So I'm going to hit a day trade now and I'm going to view my post now.
So let's see how this is gonna look.
There we go.
You can see that this is the featured image that we have right here is coming like this so you can basically
completely ended this whole debate with the elementary.
If you want Lewisville I'm going to show you later on.
And if I also go to the Dell right here you can see this is coming like this.
Dell releases a new core a seven laptop.
And here is everything.
And then here it takes.
Continue reading so this is by me and then it is December 9 and then it says that Dell's flash laptops
into a comment.
So this is how the featured images work.
And I would highly recommend you to add featured images because the featured images works a lot in your
blog post.
OK.
To make sure that you add feature to mate for every of your blog posts you will understand later on
why they are so important.
OK so we basically want to create an account here just to get these images.
OK.
Setting up 500 peaks API connection is fully optional.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to go to continue with Google.
Let's come here and I want to continue with Google.
So I'm going to select my account allow.
And here we go.
You can see it's going to take me in.
And here it is.
Got it.
I create the idea for an app and it says for just for your application.
So what I want to do.
I'm just going to come here and tease the application name and everything.
So I'm going to go ahead and this is going to be my site name.
So this is basically s2 s2 s2 complete P of course.
OK.
And the description I have my test site application you are Rael is this.
So I'm going to copy this this whole you are real and I'm going to paste it call back or L should be
this OK javascript SDK supported you are real.
OK.
Just do this.
And we have support all developers e-mails.
We can have the developers e-mail and I'm going to have to accept and I'm going to hit rich right now.
So here is this.
OK.
You can see this is coming right here.
I am going to.
This is my.
Basically the API.
So I want to go to I want to find the API C application details here we have the consumer key consumer
create and everything.
I'm going to grab this consumer akey copy and come here and paste and let it take any I can see that
this has been saved right here.
So Abdy did five great pics consumer application settings.
I'm going to go to this right here in the users.
And here we have the user.
So Metta field rules and we have the Qanta D.
How many users should be generated use both fields to set to get a randomized number of users when given
a range.
So you can choose three to 12 or 5 to 16 users.
We need this users to be generated use HDMI on your randomise user description and rules so rules would
be Autor OK sampling rules to be liked.
Metafile rules select a field type and this is going to be.
So I don't think so if we want to add some users to here.
We just wanted to post only.
OK.
So let's go to the post and let's grab some post.
So I think I want the balls to be like 50 post two hundred fifty two hundred post should be generated.
OK.
And the date should be this week.
We can also use this either.
So date date would be generated from this to this.
The post would be post the period would be this the common status was with this image provider can be
placeholder and splashed out.
Lauren pixel and five hundred pixel that we have added our account right here.
OK so image will be added from this.
Okay.
And then we have the author right here so all Tourville be this the only user that I am right here.
OK here's some itching in my notes.
I don't know why.
So it might be so you know I'm confusing to you and you it might be so irritating as well.
So I'm sorry for that.
OK let's come here and we have the taxonomies tags and categories which terms can be used.
OK so we have the category and right we have our computers we have the category HTC and we have these.
So I think these can be used in the categories section.
So these categories will be automatically assigned.
And so you'll see how this how this plug in is going to work.
Basically you guys are going to love it totally.
OK.
I'm just going to grab all the categories.
Category Del.
And the last one is the category windows so that we have the rate pression days rate of post that will
have the terms generated for mobile so 85 that we have for how many terms will be selected from 1 to
4.
So maximum I think two categories can be selected.
OK.
Or let's go for it three
that we have the metafile rules attachment would be thumbnail ID an attachment can be formed placeholder
and splash Lauren pixel 500 pixel and then we have the pixels so if you need some pixel of your thing
that you can also generate it.
But I don't think I want it to be.
I want you to leave it as default.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to generate generator.
It's going to generate all these posts.
You can see this is coming right here and it's going to generate it.
Since we are generating so many posts right here you can see 50 to 100 posts.
This is going to take some time I think.
Maybe an hour.
Or maybe just it would take not much time.
So I'm just pausing the video and when it is done I'll be back.
So it is showing me an error and this is saying get big time out OK because we have selected that 60
Minutes or sorry 60 seconds can be the max.
So let's see how many post this plugin has generated.
OK.
It has generated so many.
We have 17 post-trade here.
OK.
Let's just come here again and let's just choose this to be
five from 5 to
from 10 Why you asking me like this.
OK let me rephrase this.
OK.
I want to come here.
I want it to be five to so let's create these post.
OK.
I want to come here and I want to head chattery.
So it is generating we need so many right here.
OK.
So when this is generated I'll be back
There we go.
It's vague so many.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to have this again because I want so many post-trade here
OK let's wait.
And there we go.
So we also need some comments as well.
So I'm just going to come here and type these default post-time should be posed to Qanta should be five
to 15.
So don't use a very large number OK.
Otherwise it's going to take some time and something like that.
That we have select a field types so let's use this to be the default one.
OK.
Let me just come here and say is generate.
OK I want to come here I want to refresh this page Okay.
And then we have this way here I want to get in here and I want to generate.
So we also need some
5 to 15 comments.
OK.
I'm going to generate right now and these comments should be generated so it has generated these comments.
It generated more let's generate let's say generate.
So we need some more commentary here.
And it has generated some commentary here.
Let's go to comments and let's see if the Commons has been generated.
OK this is going good.
Cool.
Now let's go to few web site and let's have a look at our plot books.
OK.
I want to go to slash all post
vego.
We have this this this this this.
So we have some images coming right here.
Some not.
Not every post has these images.
I don't know why.
But bozo has it.
OK that school case and I can see this is how our blog post is looking OK I want to go to the dashboard
right here.
I want to go to the all post and I want the post to be added that featured image.
OK.
Just leave that.
So what I want to do I just basically want to edit our home page.
OK.
And now you can see that are all post high is showing all the post-up we have on a blog page.
So if a company tells you that we need that they need their blog page to be there.
Then you need to create something like this.
OK.
You need to create it.
Basically you can see this is how it is looking.
This is what is coming we have continue reading we have this we have this and every post is coming right
here.
If I just go to the new page 2 you can see how this is coming
OK.
If I just open this up you can see this is coming like this.
So we have you might also like and this is under the computers category.
So this is how it is looking.
OK.
I want to go to a plug right here again.
And we basically want to just work with it.
So I don't think so if this is this plug in is working great.
I don't know why it because this plugin did not added the featured images to all the things.
So what I want to do I just want to go to the fake press.
I want to go to the settings right here and I want to just let it go to raise all generated type let
it go.
Exclamation mark.
Let's delete and delete all the content because I think I'll just wait for some time.
I'll pause my video and I'll just add these to get my own featured images so that you may understand
everything easily.
Ok so now what I'm going to do I'm just going to pause my video right now and I'm going to add these
balls.
You can see that all the post must be deleted now that be added using that plug in I can see.
Oh my God.
Every post is deleted now so.
OK no problem.
OK so we have to do everything from scratch.
OK.
These are created.
These are not so easy to tango.
Well guess you have to do everything from scratch.
I'll just post every post.
OK.
And it featured image just because featured images are really very important.
And the design is based on the images so that is why I think we need to feature images out post every
post with the featured images and then we will be working up at that designing the blog based on how
can we design the blog page.
Basically now it would be very easier for you to understand that how blog page works OK.
But we will be working over that design in the next video.
So Stadion guys and in the next video I'll just be adding samples and then we'll be working up for that
goodbye.